documentation for cross-referencing between modules (#302)
eclipse-score/docs-as-code: docs/how-to/other_modules.rst

> Reference Other Modules

Reviewer: move circular dependencies to this file?

Author: I don't understand. This is supposed to be a pragmatic for how to reference stuff in another module. This shall not delve into dependency theories. We could link somewhere.

2. Add the external module's documentation targets to your `docs(data=[...])` target so Sphinx can see the other module's built inventory.
3. Reference remote needs using the normal Sphinx-Needs referencing syntax.

Details and Example
-------------------

1) Include the other module in `MODULE.bazel`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The consumer module must declare the other modules as dependencies in the `MODULE.bazel` file so Bazel can fetch them.
There are multiple ways to do this depending on how you manage third-party/local modules (git, local overrides, etc.).

A minimal example (add or extend the existing `bazel_deps` stanza):

.. code-block:: starlark

	 bazel_dep(name = "score_process", version = "1.3.0")

2) Extend your `docs` rule so Sphinx picks up the other module's inventory
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The documentation build in this project is exposed via a Bazel macro/rule that accepts a `data` parameter.
Add the external module's ``:needs_json`` target to that list.

Example `BUILD` snippet (consumer module):

.. code-block:: starlark

	 load("@rules_docs//:docs.bzl", "docs")
	 docs(
      data = [

>           "@score_process//:needs_json",

Author: It says "Add the external module’s :needs_json target to that list to have their needs elements available for cross-referencing."

You want more?

      ],
    source_dir = "docs",
    )

3) Reference needs across modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Once the other module's inventories are available at build time, you can reference its needs IDs in the usual Sphinx-Needs way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the other module's are defined as dependencies as explained above, you can reference their needs IDs in the usual Sphinx-Needs way.
```
